Multiple bug fixes (#1213)
Azure/azure-storage-fuse: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix priority level check of components to reject invalid pipeline entries.
- [#1196](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse/issues/1196) 100% CPU usage in 2.0.4 fixed
- [#1207](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse/issues/1207) Fix log-rotate script.

> - Unmount command was looking for 'fusermount' while on fuse3 systems it shall be looking for 'fusermount3'.
> - If 'du' command is not found skip checking for disk usage in LRU policy.
> - V1 flag of `file-cache-timeout-in-seconds` not interpreted correctly by V2 and causing eviction policy to assume its 0. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unmount command was looking for `fusermount` while on fuse3 systems it shall be looking for `fusermount3`.
- If `du` command is not found skip checking for disk usage in LRU policy.
- V1 flag of `file-cache-timeout-in-seconds` not interpreted correctly by V2 and causing eviction policy to assume its 0. 
```
